COURSERA

Why are you applying for Financial Aid?

My name is (Name) from (Country name). 

I am a student, I do not earn money and belongs to a poor family, I am hardly affording my school fee. My father income is not sufficient, He has a large family to support, I can't even buy new books and clothes. I am completing my studies on a Scholarship basis that is provided by my school.
 
I need this financial aid so that I can learn how to make applications from some reputed institute. I will be able to create some projects based on this course and support my family.

In today's Information technology world, It has a large market to work on. I also want to be a part of this market. But unfortunately, I have no money to achieve this precious opportunity,

Please help me and give me financial aid. I will be extremely grateful to you for this act of kindness.

Thank you.




How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?

This course will definitely help me to achieve career goals. I need this financial aid so that I can learn how to make websites from some reputed institute. I will be able to create some projects based on this course and support my family.

In today's Information technology world, It has a large market to work on. I also want to be a part of this market. But unfortunately, I have no money to achieve this precious opportunity,
The people around me are learning these courses to secure their future I do not want to become the tail light follower. I also want to be a professional in this field. For this purpose whatever is needed, I will definitely do it. Here I have a financial aid opportunity, Please help me I really need this.  

Please help me and give me financial aid. I will be extremely grateful to you for this act of kindness.

Thank you.


If you answered no, please help us understand why.

No, I am a student and belongs to a very poor family where I am hardy affording my college fee. I have no money to buy new books to learn (Courser name). I do not earn money that's the reason I can not afford the low-interest loan. Please help me and give me financial aid. I am so ambitious to learn this course.   
